Leadership

Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Harold R. McAlindon(also attributed to Emerson and others)

If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. 
John Quincy Adams

The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Martin Luther King, Jr.

A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward.
Ovid

No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
Abraham Lincoln

No general can fight his battles alone. He must depend upon his lieutenants, and his success depends upon his ability to select the right man for the right place.
Philip Armour

Motivational

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle

Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.
George S. Patton

The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C. Clarke

Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant. There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.
Johann Gottfried Von Herder

Men's best successes come after their disappointments. 
Henry Ward Beecher

If you want to succeed in the world must make your own opportunities as you go on. The man who waits for some seventh wave to toss him on dry land will find that the seventh wave is a long time a coming. You can commit no greater folly than to sit by the roadside until some one comes along and invites you to ride with him to wealth or influence. 
John B. Gough

Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Albert Einstein

Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
Orison Swett Marden

Nothing contributes so much to tranquilize the mind as a steady purpose--a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye.
Mary Shelley

Inspirational

Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein

To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb of all is that which says:"Leave no stone unturned."
Edward Bulwer Lytton

Every artist was first an amateur.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

The more difficulties one has to encounter, within and without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be.
Horace Bushnell

Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.
Benjamin Disraeli

Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Leon J. Suenes

You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. 
Wayne Gretzky

Success

They can because they think they can.
Virgil

Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude. 
Thomas Jefferson

Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
Theodore T. Hunger

The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan

There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley

Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving.
Dennis Waitley

The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Vince Lombardi

Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.
Jeremy Collier

I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody.
Herbert Bayard Swope

Impatience never commanded success.Edwin H. Chapin
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do, well.Henry W. Longfellow
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.William Shakespeare
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein

Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Robert Collier
